Welcome to the DIGIDAMARA orientation session! You're just in time to take part!

Please follow the tutorial to get acquainted with the interactive broadcast interface!

Ready? Let's begin!

1) There are 6 teams on the dance roster. You can support any team you want! Click the left and right arrows to rotate the roster.

2) Great! You can see that this team's energy is running low! They are at risk of being eliminated from the dance marathon!

3) As a Spectator, you are able to spend Energy to take actions. You get 5 Energy per day. 

4) When you use the Donate Energy action, you will get Bond Tickets in return! Bond Tickets let you vote on big decisions that the audience must make together.

3) Let's get an overview of the teams energy levels! Click on Today's Ranking bar.

4) The team with the most energy is ranked at the top. In the case of a draw, the team with the largest fan club wins!

5) Click the bar to hide the rankings.

6) Let's find a way to donate some energy to this team. Click on the team's name or image.

7) Here you can view the team profile. There's lots of information about the team here to discover. Donate 1 Energy to this team.

8) Their energy bar has gone up! 

9) Now let's spend 1 Energy to join this team's fan club!

10) Great! Joining a fan club gives you special access to a secret fan club chat channel. It also unlocks Team Upgrades.

11) Upgrades improve your relationship with a team. As a consequence they will share a piece of their story with you in the team profile, and will also give you more Tickets the next time you donate energy to them.

12) Spend energy of an Upgrade now.

13) Bravo! Your upgrade star on the team now shows a '1' - this means you'll get one additional Ticket next time you Donate. Let's donate energy two more times.

14) Nice, our ticket count went up by 2 each time! Remember, you won't get Tickets for the upgrade action, so don't make your last action an upgrade unless you're really sure!

15) What do we spend all these tickets on? Voting! Open the voting booth page.

16) Here we have an eons-old dilemma. The binary choice! Your Tickets can be used to put weight behind one option or the other. You can also save up your Tickets for the future as Tickets do not reset each day. For this example, click the 





